>> I'm Radio and Television
Host, Jimmy Church.
And I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
>> If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
>> My guest today
is Grant Cameron,
a distinguished UFO Researcher
and prolific Author renowned
for his extensive contributions
to the field of ufology.
>> Everybody describes
it the same way--
you make contact with a craft.
The craft is alive.
And you become one
with the craft.
You and the craft
are the same thing
as soon as you touch the craft.
>> As always, MUFON
Field Investigator, Josh.
>> Josh, can you
pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> Joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> The fact that he's come
out now and basically,
on the record stated--
cleared by the
Defense Department--
that we've got a craft.
And we've been inside the craft.
It's just unraveling.
>> Welcome to Into the Vortex.
I'm your Host, Jimmy
Church and along with Josh.
Today, our guest
is Grant Cameron,
all the way from Canada.
Josh, I've been anticipating
this conversation.
Are you ready?
>> I'm ready, me too.
>> It's a wealth of knowledge.
And Grant, not
only international,
national researcher
of The Year Awards.
But for me, it's always been
your knowledge of US presidents
and their connections with ET.
And your research Grant, over
the years, it has shifted.
You go where your
interest is pulling you.
You've danced into music, and
ETs, of course, US presidents.
And today, abductions, and
your own personal sightings,
and what is going on up
with the US-Canadian border,
and military installations--
and just insane amount
of information.
But today, you've gone more
into a consciousness connection
side of things, and the control
of craft with consciousness,
and, of course, the new
book, and sky pilots.
So let's start there.
What is a sky pilot?
>> OK, well, to
give you background,
I was contacted in 2013 by a
woman who claimed to have flown
the craft.
And I thought, you're insane.
I mean, I just couldn't
believe that she was
saying that she was in her 70s.
And I'm thinking, like Saudi
Arabian women can't drive
a car without a man in the car.
Like, they let
you fly the craft?
And what had happened
is, in 2012, I
had a download
experience watching
Colin Andrews give a
lecture in which he
talked about consciousness.
And it suddenly came to me.
I had this insight that
said, in 1975, he wanted
to know, what's this all about?
It's about consciousness.
And it came with
absolute certainty.
And I knew.
So when this woman said
she had flown the craft
and used consciousness
to do it, then I
realized why they'd set me
up to talk to this woman.
And then these people
started to appear.
So it was something
that just happened.
And most of my stuff
happens that way.
Where something happens and
then all the material shows up.
So I end up with over 36 people.
And later, I've got
Whitley Strieber
and other people that confirmed
all this kind of stuff.
But basically, the 36
people who came to me
and told me the same story--
yeah, I've flown the craft.
And then I'd say, hang
on-- like Chris Bussell,
hey, how do you fly a craft?
And say, we do with your mind.
And nobody ever said
anything different.
They all said the same thing.
So they would talk about the
fact that you're in the craft.
The craft is alive.
It's like artificial
intelligence or control
of consciousness.
The craft has a mind.
It's alive.
You put your hand on
a panel or on a ball.
Or in the end of a chair, you
become one with the craft.
Once you touch the craft, you
And whatever you think
is what the craft does.
And what they will actually
say to you is, they'll say,
Jimmy, go within yourself.
Imagine it within yourself.
And as soon as you can
imagine where you want to go,
push the button, this is--
>> Was there something unique
about her and her ability
to understand consciousness
that allowed her to do this
and to be selected?
>> Well, she was a contactee.
And you run into these people.
Like, when she was telling
me I was three years old.
And I was in a diaper.
And the UFOs were there.
And I'm in the
middle of a field.
And she claimed that she
remote viewed for the US
government and stuff like that.
And I was like,
yeah, OK, whatever.
She's telling these stories.
And you hear all these
stories all the time.
But it is when she
came to the thought,
she was flying the craft.
And I thought, what?
Because I'd never
heard it before.
I'd been in it
for like 35 years.
I'd never heard a
story like that.
And I thought she was insane.
So she was just a woman
who claimed a lot of stuff.
Where she had a lot
of contact, a lot
of ability, psychic abilities,
and stuff like that.
And that's all I knew her as.
But when she added this
element, it opened up
this whole new field of
this idea that now, I think,
the US government has
basically confirmed.
>> Are you suggesting that you
don't have to have some psychic
ability, that anybody
could do this like myself?
>> Well, I think, it would come
down to the experiences that
have been on board the ship.
So you may have to be psychic.
I mean, there seems to
be a certain-- like when
they ask Roger Leir, who did
the alien implants in Los
Angeles, what's common
between all people who
have had removed the implants?
He said, they're all
right-brained, creative people.
And there's tons of
them in Hollywood.
And that's his idea of there's
a certain type of personality
that is able to be psychic,
that's able to do this.
So I think, you'd have to
have sort of the abilities.
You're in the field.
You're already an experiencer.
And those are the people that
have the ability to do it,
same as channeling or anything
else you want to talk about.
>> So you have a very crazy
ability of connecting the dots.
I don't know how many
interviews you and I
have done over the years,
but it's been a lot.
And the one thing that I look
at you for is the ability to see
3D through this to separate
what is real and what isn't.
You've got that ability.
Now, you're connecting
the dots with something
that is an intangible,
like consciousness.
And now, you've got other
people that are approaching you.
In 2013, she reaches out to you.
You've had this
download in 2012.
Suddenly, you find yourself
really connecting the dots.
What were the consistencies
with the 30 or so people that
came forward and back to her?
What were you seeing connecting?
>> You've got this statement
from Jim Lacatski has come
forward and says that
they have a craft.
This has been approved by the
Defense Department to review.
They've got a craft.
They've been inside the craft.
And it has no engine.
It has no intakes, exhaust.
It basically is a craft.
And they don't
know how it flies.
And it's the consciousness
thing that sort
implies that there may
not be an engine, that it
may be an entire consciousness.
>> So there is no power plant.
There's no fuel tanks.
There's no control surfaces,
airfoils, aerodynamic-- nothing
at all, except?
>> Except, this is
the thing it keys.
If you look back at the
Wilson leak document--
you and I talked about
the Wilson leak document
that I was in the chain of
command as this thing came out.
At the end of it, they
talk about this thing
where the guy gets the briefing.
He gets the briefing.
And he goes back to the admiral.
And he says, we've got a craft.
And we think it'll fly.
At that time point, I knew
about the consciousness thing.
And I said, I know what
they're talking about.
There's always been a rumor
that they've got a craft.
And it's completely intact.
There's nothing wrong with it.
But they can't turn it on.
It's like the core story.
How Puthoff-- Jacques Vallée
and Puthoff get together
at Denny's restaurant.
What do we know, for sure,
about the UFO phenomenon?
Number one, being
interacted by something.
Number two, we've got hardware.
And number three, we
can't back engineer it.
And that's what they're missing.
So they say, we've got a craft.
And we think it'll fly.
But they can't fly it, because
you need the consciousness
interface, you need someone.
It's like the thumbprint
on your cell phone
or whatever that you need
to be able to have somebody
that turns the craft on.
It doesn't have an engine.
So it's this thing that they're
basically coming up with.
And now, Lacatski has
basically confirmed that there
is a psychic phenomena.
And you got to remember, this
is going through an approval
through this DOPSR
approval method.
That this has been approved
by the Department of Defense.
So that he can actually
state this in public.
>> What's the statement?
>> Well, I'll read it so that I
don't paraphrase the statement.
He says-- and this
is from a book
that they've just released
called "Initial Revelations."
"Everything works as if UAP
were a product of technology
that integrates physical
and psychic phenomena."
So they're putting
this consciousness
and the physical craft together.
And that's an
official statement.
And he says, I'm
an expert at taking
highly classified
material and bringing it
down to lower levels.
So basically, the
government now has basically
confirmed this concept that
there is a physical component.
In the UFO field, we've
always sort of known that.
2012, I had to download.
And now, people are starting
to talk about consciousness.
People are making these
references to consciousness.
But now, I think the
government, on the record,
admitted that there is this
consciousness connection.
There's no engine.
And all the people
told me the same thing.
Or they would tell me that
the craft is the thing that
makes the whole thing work.
It's actually controlled.
It's biological.
And you get people who
will even describe.
Then one guy, I remember, I
asked him specifically-- he
said that was his job,
was to fly the craft.
And then, they said to him,
Ron, where would you like to go?
And he said, I'd like to see
the Milky Way from a distance.
And he said, OK,
it's within you.
Go within yourself.
Imagine it within yourself.
And as soon as you're
ready, we'll go.
And he said, it was
about one second--
he said this intense
G-Force for one second.
He looked out at the window.
And there was the Milky
Way, off in a distance.
And this is like one second.
And that's the whole
key as if that's
how they fly these
things-- it's 36 people.
It's not one person or two
people, it's 36 people.
It's a powerful
amount of evidence
that indicates that's
maybe how it works.
>> Sure, sure.
And we've got some pretty
serious corroborating evidence.
We've got David Grush and
his testimony, of course,
with the Congress.
We've got the Wilson
Davis document.
And now, these 36 witnesses
of-- sky pilots, if you will,
coming forward, all speaking
about the very same things.
Is this enough to
push this forward?
And when we look at
these 36 witnesses,
sky pilots if you will, what
is it that they represent?
Do they represent a
military wing of sky pilots
that we are recruiting
to fly these crafts?
Do we have a secret part of the
military that is doing this?
>> There was only one
military guy who is out of LA,
out of the Orange County Group,
a guy who was a retired US Air
Force Colonel.
Other than that, there
was no military people.
Most of them were women.
>> Why do you think that is?
>> Well, women
are right brained.
They're less into ego and
technology and this sort
of thing where once you
can shut down the ego,
you go into the right
brain into the universe.
And you can tap in.
So you can do it through
all contact modality.
So that's why I think
most of it is women.
But I don't think--
the way these things
come to me is--
I think, the way I look at it
is that these people sort of
showed up for me.
You'd be talking to someone,
like talking to Chris Bledsoe,
and then talking
about client craft.
Oh, I flew the craft.
And I said, you flew the craft?
Hang on, don't tell me anything.
And then I get them
on a Skype call.
I said, OK, start at the
beginning, go to the end.
And they would all describe
these very bizarre things
that shift over into other
paranormal phenomena.
For example, a lot of them
would say, I was on the craft.
I could see in 360 degrees.
As soon as they said
360 degrees, I said,
hey, that's
out-of-body experience.
People who had
out-of-body experience
say they can see in 360 degrees.
Or they would say the craft
is 30 feet on the outside.
They went inside, it was the
size of a football stadium.
And then you see
the crossover there,
where I have this Ron
Johnson guy who saw the Milky
Way from a distance.
His being was named LB, takes
him into the spirit world.
He's with his mother.
And he's a Mormon guy.
So he sees this temple.
And his mother says,
when you die Ron,
you're going to get a
room in this temple.
And he said, I go
inside the temple.
He said, it's 100 times the size
inside the temple as outside.
And I said, hey, that's
what the UFO people say.
And that's where all
these things cross over.
You start seeing
all these crossovers
of these different phenomena.
That it may all be the same
thing just being taught
to us in different manner.
So I think, these people were,
in many ways, given to me.
>> So it would make
a lot of sense,
the 360 degree viewpoint, if
you're consciously connected
to the craft.
Then you don't have to have
eyes on the back of your head.
Now, this is right where time
and space doesn't take place
in the universe.
And suddenly, you would be in
a 360 degree, all encompassing,
that would include up and down.
It would be a
sphere type of view.
>> But still, to me, it
never made any sense.
>> Why?
>> Like I never heard that
until I heard it by out of body
experience because it
still doesn't make sense.
Like how can you see in 360
degrees at the same time?
And that was the
thing that amazed me,
was the parallels to
other paranormal phenomena
where they would describe things
that didn't make any sense,
that you wouldn't
make this up if you
were going to make up a story.
And it helped put off
this talk about the craft
being bigger on the inside.
And that's the key, is if these
people are telling the truth,
and the craft is
bigger on the inside,
we haven't got a
clue what's going on.
I mean, there's no way
we've got this technology.
>> The craft itself--
the 36 pilots that
have been talking
about this and the lady
that approached you in 2013,
how are they
describing the craft?
And certainly, the interior,
are multiple seats?
The exterior, are they
describing the same craft?
>> No.
No.
I think almost all of
them are different.
Almost all of them
are different.
They'll get things where--
for example, the retired
US Air Force colonel
says I'm just on the craft.
Suddenly, I'm on the craft.
And they would describe
another weird thing.
He said, there's these--
there's either beings or
humans or aliens behind me.
He said I don't know
what it is, and they just
say to-- they say to me,
OK, go ahead and do it.
And he says, I don't
know what to do.
And then this voice from behind
him says, you know what to do.
Just do it.
And he sees this panel,
and he puts his hands
on this panel board.
And then he's sitting
there, and he said,
it's like I'm flying an F-16.
And then he said, I
take one hand off,
and I'm waiting for it to
stall, and I got my other hand
on the panel.
And then I take this hand
off just a little bit,
so I can put it back
down if it stalls.
And he says, suddenly,
I'm flying the craft.
And that's another thing
people would describe.
They would say there
were people behind me.
There was somebody behind me.
I wasn't allowed to look.
And then Jim Semivan
comes forward,
and his is similar experience.
He said, I'm there.
And they asked him when the
beings were in your room,
did you have any telepathy?
And he said yeah, that
was the weirdest thing.
He said, when I
was standing there,
he said, there was
this entity behind me.
And it had this guardian
type thing going on about it.
And I went, guardian thing?
That's Michael Newton.
There's a guardian
angel behind him.
Maybe it's not even an alien.
And so then they started asking
people-- they asked Whitley,
hey, Whitley, did
you ever have--
be on the craft where
you're on the craft
and you heard a voice
behind you talking to you?
And he said, all the time.
And he said, I was going
to steal the craft.
He was at the panel board.
He was going to put his
hands on the panel board,
and he says, I said-- he
said to himself in his mind,
he says, I think I'd
like to steal this thing.
And he said I could hear
somebody laughing behind him
telepathically.
And I started to realize--
but unfortunately, I
couldn't go back to the people
because once the story is out,
you can't go back because
the story is contaminated.
But I'd like to go--
have it gone back
and asked the question before,
did you have people behind me?
Could you see in 360 degrees?
As I was going along,
I started seeing
more and more of these things
that-- oh, I heard that before.
Somebody else talked about that.
But as for the
craft, no, they're
all different the beings.
They were all different.
And there's another thing
that Lacatski pointed out
in this official statement
that he's now putting out,
was the fact that when they
looked at the OSAB database,
he said it was like
driving down the freeway,
and every single
car was different.
>> Let me ask you
this, with DOPSA,
which we're hearing more and
more about DOPSA approvals
and reviews lately, DOPSA wasn't
something that we heard about
10 years ago.
It seems like the
form of disclosure
is happening with a
DOPSA arrangement.
With that, do you
think that it's
being disguised as fiction?
You can go ahead and say this.
You can't state it as fact.
If you write it as
science fiction,
you can go ahead and do whatever
you would like with this.
Why do you think there are
so many DOPSA approvals now?
>> Well, I say it's
always been going on.
I've written two books
on the disclosure.
And I've always said,
there's a gradual disclosure.
People said, no, no,
no, this is all--
it's all hoax hoax.
And this is the real one.
Disney was given
stuff in the 1950s.
He was asked to do an entry
for the US government.
And so he would have had
approval to get that.
Then you had Bob Emenegger gets
the Holloman Air Force Base
film.
And he had it in his hands.
I knew him very well.
They've still got it in private
hands, the Holloman Air--
not the Holloman, but
they've got the film
where the UFO is
launched from Vandenberg,
and the UFO shoots it down.
They've got that
film in a vault,
and it's not in
government hands anymore.
And then you have Bill Moore.
Bill Moore, I knew Bill
Moore very well from LA.
And he had 24 people.
And Bill Moore had
big ego problem.
He had all sorts of stuff, but
Bill Moore was a smart guy.
And he had 24
people, and I believe
they were talking to him.
And they came, we're
here to help you.
We're going to
give you material.
Something's going
to be information.
Something's going to
be disinformation.
You've got to sort it out.
And Bill Moore said,
yeah, I'm smart enough.
I can figure that out.
So you've seen it over, and
then they come to Tom DeLonge.
So people say, well, Tom
DeLonge figured this out.
Tom DeLonge didn't
figure out anything.
The guy phoned him up.
He said, hey, we're having a
meeting here at Lockheed Skunk
Works in the parking lot.
Would you like to
come and introduce
the president of the company?
Well, yeah, if I can get
five minutes with them.
And then he goes
and they take him
inside the skiff,
the Lockheed skiff.
And then they say he's talking
to him, and he makes his pitch,
and then they say,
introduce him to them.
And he flies to Washington.
He meets these two
guys in this room
where they say stuff
like this does not
happen at the White House.
It does not happen
on Capitol Hill.
It happens when a
couple of men like us
decide to move the
football down the field.
They send it to NASA.
NASA sends them to Ames.
Then he gets-- he
meets the general.
So those people are
all set up for them.
So the government, they're doing
this gradual disclosure thing,
but it all has to be approved.
Same as Jim Semivan.
Jim Semivan was the--
I maintain was the guy behind
the New York Times release.
I was told in 2016, he
was called the Big Man.
Big Man said, a bunch of
people are going to go public.
They're going to say
UFOs exist, and they're
going to force disclosure.
And now, Jim Semivan
has gone on the record
to say I went to all the
three letter agencies.
And I said to them we're
going to drop this thing.
You guys can't do it.
You've had your chance.
We're not going to give
classified material.
We're going to drop this thing.
Next thing you know, Leslie
Caine is flying to Washington,
Hal Puthoff's is in the room,
Kit Green's in the room,
Jim Semivan's in the room,
and there's Alexander
with his back to the wall.
And the whole story of the A-TIP
thing in the New York Times
story, that's when it came.
I knew this before
they were going
to do it, that they were
going to drop this story,
and they were going to do
it with Hillary Clinton
and Podesta.
And then Hillary lost,
and then I immediately
phoned Chris Bledsoe who was
informing me of all this stuff.
I said, so what's happening now?
He said, it's still a go.
It's still a green light.
It's even bigger than before.
They're still going to do it.
So I knew before that they
were going to do this.
So I've always
maintained that there's
this gradual disclosure.
So now, they're doing it, but
they all say the same thing.
It has to be approved.
If you remember Chase
Brandon back in 2002-
>> I do.
>> Chase Brandon wrote the
book Cryptos Conundrum,
which was supposedly the
story of how the CIA handled
the Roswell crash.
And he said it was reviewed
eight times by the CIA.
They reviewed the whole
thing, and they approved
every word that went in there.
And he said, if you want--
>> They took stuff
out too as well.
>> Yeah, they took stuff out.
And so he said, if you want
a good read, read the book.
If you want to learn something,
read between the lines.
And that's what
Lacatski has now said.
Kit Green says, read
between the lines.
There was a lot of stuff in the
skid mark at the Pentagon book
that nobody ever brought up.
They dropped it in the book,
and nobody ever picked up on it.
He said-- Kit Green said
read between the lines.
>> Jim Semivan is
very unique in that--
I believe he's still
currently employed by the CIA.
I don't think he's--
>> Well, he said nobody's
ever looked at CIA.
>> Yeah, and-- but to that
end, he's also an experiencer.
And so does he have
the motivation?
Because of his direct
connection with the ET
and his belief in the
phenomenon and being
able to force the
CIA into disclosure
and then put together
this huge media project,
because he is at
the center of all
of this, the Central
Intelligence Agency
but also an experiencer.
>> Yeah, well,
that's what I say,
is you look at it the other way,
is the intelligence doing this
on purpose?
Did they-- because people
will complain, oh, people
are being abducted.
This is terrible.
And even Jim Semivan
says, I'm still upset.
He said, after all
these years, I'm
upset what they did to my wife.
They didn't ask
approval and stuff.
And then he makes this
very unique statement.
He says, they just
play around with you.
They just drag you along.
They tease you,
but they never take
you home to meet the family.
And that's how it works.
The phenomenon never shows
you what's actually going on.
They're just moving you from
one door to the next door
to the next door and
then moving along.
And so for people who say,
oh, abduction is terrible,
I say just remember one
thing if Jim Semivan had not
had the experience,
abduction or not abduction
with the beings in
his room, you never
would have got the disclosure.
It was Jim Semivan that did it
because he had the experience.
So Ramirez, the same thing.
He's got an experiencer.
You start seeing all
these sort of people.
Nolan's an experiencer.
Eric Davis had a sighting
the day he got his PhD.
He had the sighting.
He's with the key guy.
And you start looking,
and you start realizing
they're probably all in fact--
when they did the
remote viewing stuff,
they brought in Jacques
Vallée to the remote viewing
in the 1970s to look
at all of these people
because they all seem
to have UFO experiences.
And you start realizing
it may be back,
that this stuff is
being given to us,
dropped piece by piece by piece.
And we think we're
putting it together,
and we're actually being
led down a path, which
is my experience, my own
personal experience of 17
books, is that I'm
being led down a path.
They give me this, and
then I think about it.
And suddenly, I get stuff,
people coming to me,
and material coming to me.
And I think that to
me is how it works.
It's not these random
phenomena that we just
happen to run across stuff,
that the phenomena is dropping
this stuff to
certain people and--
>> The synchronicities are
right there in front of us.
>> Yeah.
>> The 36 sky pilots, I'm
going to circle back to this,
they live somewhere.
They piloted these
craft somewhere.
Was the location-- were
there similar locations?
>> No.
They were different.
Some people would say at the
other side of the galaxy.
John Ramirez--
>> No, I mean where were the
craft when they went to go
and--
>> Well, they all land
just up on the craft.
It's not like the
craft lands, and they
get on the-- and maybe one.
Chris Bledsoe had
that experience
where he went on to the craft.
But most of them, they just
suddenly they're on the craft,
or two women were tenting.
And then they said, suddenly,
there's three women tenting.
And suddenly, two of them
are taken out of the tent,
and they're up in this craft.
These two women were
flying the craft.
And the third woman
when they went back,
they were furious, like
why didn't you wake us up?
And they said we didn't have
any choice in this thing.
We were just taken up.
So nobody ever recalls
going into the craft.
They're just suddenly
in the craft.
And most of these people did,
especially the guy the colonel
guy.
He just said, suddenly,
I'm on this craft.
And there's somebody
behind me, and I don't
know what's going on here.
And there's no abduction
event, or he didn't even
see any beings.
He just had a voice
behind him that
was talking about this stuff.
And John Ramirez
didn't have a craft.
He goes to this ice planet.
And he said there's
not even a craft.
>> One last thing--
fantastic conversation.
I learn so much from you.
You described placing
your hands down.
Is that just establishing
the connection?
Can you fly the craft
with your hands off?
You're just establishing-
>> Yeah, you make--
>> An internet connection,
so to speak, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Your modem is connected.
And then after
that, you can just
sit back and pilot the craft.
>> Everyone describes
the same way.
You make contact with the craft.
The craft is alive, and you
become one with the craft.
You and the craft
are the same thing
as soon as you touch the craft.
And that's where you
start getting people--
like Chris Bledsoe
and a number of people
will say I know it's here.
I had this one event,
a mission RAMA event
with nine people inside
a portal levitated
into the air with hundreds
or thousands of beings
around them.
And it was the same thing.
The one person
goes, they're here.
They're here.
And Chris Bledsoe would do
the same thing, they're here.
When John Alexander had the
experience, they're here.
John says, well, how do
you know they're here?
I just know they're here,
because once you become one
with the craft, you
vibrated with the craft.
And when the vibration is
there, it's like they're here.
They're here.
You can't see them,
and then boom,
the UFO appears and takes off.
>> Now, you went to go
look for this portal at--
>> I've got-- what I say is
when I look at the anti-gravity
stuff, it never goes anywhere.
It always goes nowhere, but
every time it goes to portals,
there's always something
at the other end.
I think if they
have any technology,
they understand the
portal technology,
that this is what
this is based upon.
That's how they're moving
in and out of here.
This is what the whole
thing has to be about.
It has to be this consciousness
phenomena, which you see even
in science.
I mean, if you go back 20
years, you could not even
talk about science and academia.
There's no way.
They would not allow you to do
a PhD on consciousness stuff.
Now, it's all the big
rage, and you're talking
about simulated universe.
Even John Wheeler, the guy that
invented the term black hole,
wormholes theory, said
I would not be surprised
if the entire
universe turned out
to be a figment of the
imagination and this whole idea
that this all may be
simulated reality,
that it's like a 3D hologram.
And the phenomena is taking
us through these steps.
And it's shattering
your naive reality.
You say everything's solid.
No, it's not.
And they show you something,
and you go, oh, that's wow.
And then you get
down the rabbit hole.
And that's what we're
learning more and more--
the world isn't flat.
The sun doesn't go
around the Earth.
It's not solid.
And physical things
aren't totally physical,
and that there are
psychic phenomena events.
That's what they're doing.
They're gradually
moving us down the road.
And it's all about learning.
It's not about
getting to the end.
Everybody wants
to get to the end.
Give me the thing tomorrow,
because for most people
in ufology, it's all
about experience.
It's like Santa Claus
and candy floss.
Just give us--
we've got two cars.
We've got a house, all
that kind of stuff.
And for them, it's learning.
They're taking us down a
road, and they're gradually
dropping these events.
And it gets more complex.
And they just do
different things.
So they do ground traces, which
haven't happened for 25 years.
And then they suddenly
started doing crop circles.
And then it goes from
crafts with windows
to crafts with no windows.
Now, it's orbs.
And it's almost like they're
turning the page about,
oh, let's do something
different here.
And people are just chasing this
phenomena, but as we go along,
more and more people
are going down
the rabbit hole, high-level
people who are experiencers.
And they're coming forward.
>> That's the one
thing about this, Josh.
It's the government
insiders and experiencers
all rolled into one.
>> Yeah, that's something
that's blowing my mind today.
Like why is it-- why are so
many of these government people
experiencers, and how is
that related to disclosure?
>> Well, what I would say--
the way I look at
the world, and this
is my own personal
view, is that if you
look at Sherri Wilde who said--
she wrote the book called The
Forgotten Promise, that if you
talk to experiencer and you say,
hey, have you got a mission?
Do you believe
you're on a mission?
They go, yeah.
And they'll tell you what it
is for an hour or two hours
or whatever or
they'll say, yeah,
but I'm not really
sure what it is.
And that's the whole thing,
is this really random,
that people are just randomly
getting picked or people
agreeing to this,
that people are--
so I would say that
the people are coming,
they are volunteering
for different jobs.
And now, you're starting to see
these very high-level people.
I don't think it's
a random experience.
I think these people
have agreed to this.
And that's the way
it's unraveling.
I don't think there's
anything random.
And they need these
high-level people maybe
because we appreciate high-level
people, and people will listen.
Whereas if you and I say it,
they go, yeah, who cares?
That's why you experiencers
don't really get any attention.
It's because they say
it's somebody's story.
Who cares about the story?
What does the government say?
And when is the government
going to disclose?
And that's-- you
start seeing that now.
I don't think that's
a random experience.
I think that's part of the plan.
>> The phenomenon is real.
We just don't have the
words to describe it.
It's not in our vocabulary.
>> And I had the experience
with Barbra Streisand's stepson,
Chris Peters.
I don't know if
you ever met him.
But Chris Peters said-- he
is a full-blown experiencer.
He said when they
talked to him, they
said when we come into your
world, we go into your head,
and we see what's in your head.
And that's what we use to
build a lesson for you.
We have no other choice.
That's what they told him.
And that makes sense, is that
if you're-- so if you're in a
Middle East culture, you're
going to see different.
Or when George Knapp
went to Russia,
and he looked at the
Russian psychic people
were talking to
aliens, and he said
the aliens were totally
different than the aliens we're
talking to.
So we got to realize
we're part of the thing.
If it's all one thing
and if it's all a verb,
it's all alive, we're all
connected to the same thing.
We just believe we're separate.
And this sort of thing, the
new concept is all connected
and that they will--
you're part of the experience.
So if you see a
certain type of alien,
you may be seeing certain
things or crafts--
even my own experience
with crafts in 1975 was--
on two occasions,
the craft changed.
It was one object when
it was on the horizon.
As it came closer, it turned
into a different object,
that they can morph
into whatever they want.
They can appear--
Or we are seeing it differently.
We're part of the experience.
We always want to
believe that there's
them doing something to us.
And I think what we're
starting to realize now is
we are part of-- it's a verb.
We're part of this whole
thing that's all alive.
>> Grant, thank you so much.
Great conversation,
but it makes me
wonder what ET would see when
they go into Josh's brain.
For Into The Vortex and
Josh, I'm Jimmy Church.
Thank you, Grant Cameron.
We'll see you next time.